This directory contains information on how to create a static library and also, an example Bash script on that.

# Steps to take:
1. gcc -Wall -pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 -c *.c : Compile all C files, and create object files for our library.
2. ar -rc libname.a *.o : This command creates a static library named libname.a and puts copies of the object files in it. The 'c' flag (in '-rc') tells 'ar' (for more info, in a Linux environment, man ar) to create the library if it doesn't already exist. The '-r' flag (in '-rc') tells it to insert object files or replace existing object files in the library, with the new object files.
3. ar -t libname.a : Lists all contents (object files) in libname.a. Specifically, the "ar" command is a utility that is used to create, modify, and extract files from archives (in this case, libname.a), which are collections of files combined into a single file. The "-t" option tells the "ar" command to print a table of contents of the archive file, which lists the names of all the object files that are contained within the archive.vTherefore, the command "ar -t libname.a" would print a list of all the object files that were included in the "libname.a" static library file. This can be useful for verifying the contents of the library or checking which functions are available in the library for linking with other programs.
4. nm libname.a : The nm command is another utility used to inspect binary files such as object files, shared libraries, and archives (like the static library file libname.a). When nm is run on an archive file like libmy.a, it displays a list of symbols defined in the object files that are contained within the archive. Specifically, the nm command prints the symbol table of the archive file. The symbol table contains a list of all the symbols (e.g. functions, variables) defined in the object files within the archive (libname.a), along with their type and their address in memory (if available). The symbol table is usually used by the linker to resolve symbols during program linking. So running the command 'nm libname.a' would display a list of symbols defined in the object files contained within the libname.a archive file. This can be useful for verifying that the functions or variables you expect to be included in the library are actually present, and for debugging issues related to symbol resolution during program linking.
5. ranlib libname.a : This command indexes the archive file (libname.a). This index is later used by the compiler to speed up symbol-lookup inside the library, and to make sure that the order of the symbols in the library wil no matter during compilation.
